c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\INNOVIX_RFIX.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\INNOVIX_RFIX.pdb
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\obj\Debug\INNOVIX_RFIX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\obj\Debug\INNOVIX_RFIX.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\obj\Debug\INNOVIX_RFIX.pdb
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Data.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Domain.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Domain.Service.Impl.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Persistencia.NHibernate.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Web.Init.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Autofac.Extras.DynamicProxy2.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Data.pdb
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Domain.Service.Impl.pdb
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Domain.pdb
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Persistencia.NHibernate.pdb
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Innovix.Base.Web.Init.pdb
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Autofac.Extras.DynamicProxy2.xml
c:\users\márioeugênio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\INNOVIX_RFIX\INNOVIX_RFIX\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
